tons of docs (#7)
xf8b/documentation: docs/xf8bot/commands/music/leave.md

---
layout: default
title: Leave Command
permalink: /xf8bot/commands/music/leave/
---
# Leave Command
## Info

> The `leave` commands makes the bot leave the voice channel.

Reviewer: current

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `leave` commands makes the bot leave the voice channel they are in.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `leave` command makes the bot leave the voice channel it is currently in.
```
